##Terms of Statement of Work
This section is a preamble to the complete Statement of Work (SOW) document which constitutes a contract between a client and a contractor  / consultant.  In it one names the principals who are contracting with one another and includes a very brief overview about the scope of work to be done.  The balance of the SOW lists and explains specific work tasks to be performed. 

This specific template concerns how a client organization engages with the open source community and adopts behaviors that will make that relationship successful.  Depending on the particular consultant-client instance, the SOW document provides an overview about the work to be done with a client and the nature of the skills required by the consultant to accomplish those tasks.  The SOW establishes the boundaries and context for the endeavor as they relate to unique communication patterns, culture, content, and technologies that characterize open source communities.  These may include recommendations for platforms and applications as well as identification of products and services that have market potential and warrant inclusion as active projects and business cases in online client portfolios.  The intent is to encourage people with expertise to develop the client portfolio entries further, assess future implications for a client going forward, and outline certain strategy and management consulting services which may be provided on an ongoing or requested basis for a client to support this future endeavor. 
